A question from New York: What happens if you take a pain medication, like Vicodin, and a sedating antihistamine at the same time?
Drug interactions don’t always occur with just other medications or foods. Your existing medical condition can affect the way a medication works, too. For example, over-the-counter oral decongestants like pseudoephedrine or phenylephrine  may increase blood pressure and can be dangerous if you have have high blood pressure.'
What kind of Zoloft is at sale at the Salt Lake City International airport? 
Mirtazapine is an antidepressant. The way this medication works is still not fully understood. It is thought to positively affect communication between nerve cells in the central nervous system and/or restore chemical balance in the brain.
Zoloft (sertraline) is an antidepressant belonging to a group of drugs called selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Sertraline affects chemicals in the brain that may be unbalanced in people with depression, panic, anxiety, or obsessive-compulsive symptoms.
Should you use heroin if you are allergic to it, or if you are unable to urinate?
The letters came amid a spike in fentanyl deaths, which some Republicans have blamed on the administration's border policies.
Overdose deaths linked to illicit designer drugs have surged in the United States, as underground labs crank out new synthetic variations on prescription tranquilizers like Valium, Xanax and Ativan.
Repeated surveys of more than 7,800 10- to 14-year-olds between September 2019 and August 2020 found the overall rate of drug use remained stable, according to the U.S. National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA). What did change was their drugs of choice: Alcohol use fell, while use of prescription drugs and tobacco products rose.
According to the study authors, opioid use disorder, which includes dependence and addiction, affects more than 2 million people in the United States, and opioid overdose is the leading cause of death among those ages 25 to 64.
Is it true, a new Gallup survey found  that nearly half of adults in the U.S. say they have tried marijuana,the highest measured to date? But, no detectable association between frequency of marijuana use and health or healthcare utilization among primary care patients who screen positive for drug use.'
Use prevalence of alternative tobacco products and marijuana has increased dramatically. Unfortunately, clinical guidelines have focused on traditional cigarettes with limited attention regarding these emerging public health issues. Thus, it is critical to understand how healthcare professionals view this issue and are responding to it. This qualitative study explored knowledge, beliefs and clinic-based practices regarding traditional and alternative tobacco products (cigar-like products, smokeless tobacco, hookah, e-cigarettes) and marijuana among rural and urban Georgia primary healthcare providers.
At the time, the agency concluded that the drug was safe and had a "reasonable expectation of effectiveness" for treating rare cases of lymphoma in dogs. Conditional approval allowed drug maker VetDC Inc. to market Tanovea while collecting additional study data for full approval.The study included 158 dogs with lymphoma who received either Tanovea (120) or a placebo (38). Their ages ranged from 1 to 15 years in the Tanovea group and from 3 to 16 years in the placebo group.Overall, the drug extended median survival by 61 days. For dogs with a complete response to the drug, median progression-free survival was extended to 168 days, the findings showed.
Fentanyl is a powerful opioid pain reliever; so powerful that fentanyl patches are typically only prescribed to patients who require round-the-clock, long-term pain relief, such as cancer patients. They're generally replaced every three days.  Kids can overdose on new or used fentanyl patches by putting them in their mouth or on their skin. This drug can slow breathing and decrease levels of oxygen in a child's blood, potentially causing death.
The discovery that the anaesthetic ketamine can help people with severe depression has raised hopes of finding new treatment options for the disease. Researchers at Karolinska Institutet in Sweden have now identified novel mechanistic insights how the drug exerts its antidepressant effect. The findings have been published in the journal Molecular Psychiatry.
Jennifer Ames, from Kaiser Permanente and lead author of the new study, said that women with depression and other mood disorders are generally advised to continue taking antidepressant medications during pregnancy. The drugs are widely considered safe, but the effect of these medications on the unborn fetus has remained a topic of some concern. Now, researchers have found that maternal psychiatric conditions - but not the use of serotonin-selective reuptake inhibitors (SSRI) - increased the risk for autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and developmental delay (DD) in offspring.
Depression is a common mental health disorder, with more than 264 million people diagnosed. The World Health Organization (WHO) reports that depression is a leading cause of disability worldwide and is a significant contributor to the overall global burden of disease. Medicines and therapies can be used to treat the condition. People can, however, develop treatment-resistant depression. Symptoms of the mental health condition may become challenging to control. Researchers at the Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis and the University of Chicago have found that a single, one-hour treatment involving the inhalation of a mixture of oxygen and the anesthetic drug nitrous oxide, also known as laughing gas, can improve symptoms of depression in people resistant to treatment.
High-dose buprenorphine therapy, provided under emergency department care, is safe and well tolerated in people with opioid use disorder experiencing opioid withdrawal symptoms, according to a study supported by the National Institutes of Health’s National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA) through the Helping to End Addiction Long-term Initiative, or the NIH HEAL Initiative.
The findings, from researchers at Imperial College London and University of South Carolina, add to mounting evidence that inflammation, and the accompanying release of the molecule histamine, affects a key molecule responsible for mood in the brain -- serotonin.  If replicated in humans, the findings -- which identify histamine as a 'new molecule of interest' in depression -- could open new avenues for treating depression, which is the most common mental health problem worldwide.
Blood vessels supply tumors with nutrients and, on the other hand, enable cancer cells to spread throughout the body. The settlement of circulating tumor cells in a distant organ is promoted by factors whose production is induced by the primary tumor itself. Scientists from the German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ) and the Medical Faculty Mannheim, Heidelberg University, have now identified a new growth factor produced by blood vessels that enables tumor cells to metastatically colonize organs.
Why do I get migraine in every second day, and what is the quickest way to get rid of them?
At what age do you start making sperm?
How the person gets HIV positive during sexual intercourse?
Why is penicillin toxic to a bacterium, but safe for a human cell?
How do you use dental floss like Listerine?
Can I take Melatonin supplement to get into a habit of sleeping early?
How can i overcome my depression?
Does anybody know how to induce hallucinations?
Low blood pressure what causes it?
What scientific studies have addressed marijuana use?
how tummy fat is formed and how can it be removed?
What are some of the benefits of using garlic oil capsules?
what is a blood clot?
What are the health benefits from ingesting semen?
How do people get the hiccups?
Why mosquitoes don't suffer from malaria?
How is being strong, different from being numb?
What are some ways to prevent urinary tract infections?
What effect does ingesting activated charcoal have in one's intestines?
How does a Foley catheter work?
how can i keep my self slim n trim?
How can I straighten my teeth without braces?
How do you stop eating spiders when sleeping?
what do steriods look like?
how can u shrink inner labia without surgery?
My eye has been twitching on and off for the last couple of days...How do I get it to stop?
What is about STD called herpes?
How can you soothe a bad sunburn with aloe vera?
How do you stop the itching from chiggers?
how to loose weight and become lean ang gain muscles..for a guy?
why does ambigious genetaila occur in new born infants and how to prevent it?
why is yawning contageous?
What are early signs of mono?
Why have most of our movies been sucky for the past 3 years?
how do you help knot on the chin bone?
How do you bleach well water for drinking purposes?
Why is it Bipolar Disorder now instead of Manic Depression?
how does somebody get urinary tract infection?
How does oatmealand milk lower cholesterol?
how do i get rid of stress without doing anything bad like cutting?
how to test virginity of a laday?
what are the causes of pain during extraction of tooth?
How do I get rid of a beer belly?
what causes a stroke?
How to cure a teenager bed wetting?
how do i get rid of an earache?
How high can your cholesterol be?
What is the cause of ocular migraine?
How do you split a NTFS Partition ?
how can i block the skype software and the chat messenger ?
how can i use html to add a photo slideshow to my xanga?
how do you put things up on ebay?
What's the purpose of Microsoft Word?
what are viral videos?
what is wmimon.exe?
How do you change the thumbnail of a video file on Windows XP?
How does computers affect the traditional way of recreation with your loveones and how these affects relations
How can I install a line in socket in my inspiron 1100 laptop?
how do i delete the yahoo taskbar?
what is distributed computing?
what are indexed files in data structure?
I have a Toshiba laptop using Windows.This is my first computer.How do I create folders?
how do I import my mozilla favorites to yahoo favorites?
How can I prevent someone from hacking into Yahoo message archives?
How do you activate pop up menus when they have been disabled ?
How to make MP3 files from soundtracks of a DVD?
What is an IP Address on computers and what gives the computer the address numbers?
Why my CD-ROM open and close by itself?
How does computers affect the traditional way of recreation with your loved ones and how these affects relations?
how do I get msn back as my homepage and not yahoo?
any one can tell how to get a boot disk with win98 on it.. i dont have one and i need to put win98 back on...?
What is the difference between XP Pro and XP Home?
What Is A Jumper?
Why / how do some people have multiple pages of pictures on myspace?
How can we bring our deleted file from Computer?
How can I access a record of what time I logged off my computer?
how can i find out if dvds have been burned from by computer off of websites if the history has been cleared t
How do I get the beta format for my e-mail ?
how do i over clock my amd 64bit processor its the 3500.?
how can i set windows media player to be my default media player?
How to run EJB program?
What is the difference between Celeron processor and a pentium?
can someone explain to me how to burn cds?
How do I unzip a file?
How do you "launch" my website?
how to revive lost file in my computer?
what are the interior and exterior switches?
How do I get rid of Trojan.Vundo virus?
what is J#.net?
what is the benefits and risks of outsourcing?
Basically how does yahoo and google make thier money...?
what's the chaepest printer avai;able on stores USB?
How can I find someone's  yahoo ID ?
What is the difference between System Integration Testing and Unit Testing?
How do I send an email on yahoo, and not have my name show as the sender until email is opened?
How can my friend register with yahoo in order to have mail as a guest on my computer?
Why does aol suck?
Why is a mouse called a mouse?
how can I check my mother's e-mail through yahoo?
how do i search in for custom object array ?
Why is my webcam so slow?
how do i install a NIC card in a PC with win98 OS?
my pionts said -5 why?
How do I read the messages in my Bulk Mail folder?
I have windows XP how can I find the movie maker?
What is the differance between a PCI and a PCI Express Interface?
aside from putting my avatar in the message box, how will i put a picture of a person in the message box?
Why does Gmail sign me out whenever I signout from Orkut?
how do i upgrade from windows 95 to windows xp?
Why does my forwarding emails turn to textmessages when I send them insted of a picture?
what is the difference between procedural and object oriented language?explain with examples?
emails/how do you send a email without it being traced back to me?
what is a .cab file is it another name for an .exe file?
How do I delete my yahoo searches?
How do i  run RAMS test on my computer?
how do i comunicate with a ICQ address?
how can I load gateway software on a HP computer?
how do i trasfer complete harddrive contents to new computer?
How do I fix my computer?
Does anybody with Juno dial-up know how to configure Outlook Express to work with JUNO dial up ?
How do I fix Win/98 sound problem?
why deos UDP in the transport layer use 1s complement for checksum not just the sum for detecting errors?
need to know how to log on to my domain to change information?
How can i check the storage on my computer?
what is the difference between windows messenger and MSN messenger?
what is Web 2.0?
what is the clock speed of my laptop and where can i find it?
how do i get into myspace from **hool?
How do I send photos via outlook express?
LAPTOP configuration....what to do?
What does" Dd help has caused an error in GDI.EXE " mean?
How do I delete questions I've asked (resolved) and how do I delete answers( resolved) from the Q & A site?
How do I know if I have an  IEEE 1394 interface on my computer?
How can I tell if my ex has put spyware on my PC?
How can I get my computer to stop locking up?
How do I convert realvideo files to windows media?
how do i put my picture in the computer?
How do I turn off my screensaver?
How do i find our what my SSID is?
Why does my internet browser freeze after I wake my computer from Standby?
How can I send an Email with the To field showing "undisclosed reciepient"?
On Windows XP, how can you decide what programs automatically start up with your computer?
how do u put on microsoft word n in spanish?
when i try to login it wont accept my password?why not?
How can I e-mail a song from Media Player to someone?
what are the disadvantages of a floppy disc?
How do you create a folder to keep files in with Microsoft Word?
Its simple to create a document in Microsoft Word; how can a .PDF doc be created?
email gets returned to sender why?
excel fill color and font color is not working in MS Excel 2003, how come?
what's the meaning of java.lang.Object@635bb7?
How can i save....................?
How can I delete a Myspace account?
how do i save to hard drive inserted cd on laptop?
what is jumba?
What is the difference between the 'classpath' and 'path' environment variable which we set in windows.why so?
How do I get the Yahoo toolbar back to original form?
What is CGI?
Why is someone charging for GIMP when it's free?
ink refiil kits, how to refill brother mfc420cn?
How can I change the Yahoo test page back to the normal page?
how can I erase all evidence of internet travel on my imac laptop?
What is yahoo's POP3?
everytime i download a picture from e-mail sent to me i get pornography in addition to my picture why?
how i creck yahoo password?
how do i get rid of a a friend on three six zero?
How do  I setup IM on yahoo?
Cannot open CSVfile Tell me how Thanks?
how do i remove freecell from all the computers in my domain?
In November 2019, Tesla announced the release of the Cybertruck, the company’s all electric pickup truck and the automaker’s sixth vehicle since its founding. While initial research had been conducted, Gerson-Lehrman Group (GLG) clients still had questions regarding consumer sentiment about electric trucks and where the luxury brand’s truck fit into the market before making an investment decision.